DOCSP-32239: Platform Networking for Kotlin (#3205)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/kotlin/app-services/connect-to-app-services-backend.txt

.. versionadded:: 1.11.0

If you use App Services or Device Sync with a proxy setup, you may need to set
custom HTTP headers. The Kotlin SDK supports setting custom HTTP headers
on the App. These headers are appended to every request to the App Services
App, including :ref:`function calls <kotlin-call-function>`.

When you initialize the App, you can pass:

- the custom `authorizationHeaderName
  <{+kotlin-sync-prefix+}io.realm.kotlin.mongodb/-app-configuration/authorization-header-name.html>`__
  ``String`` value
- any `customRequestHeaders
  <{+kotlin-sync-prefix+}io.realm.kotlin.mongodb/-app-configuration/custom-request-headers.html>`__
  in a map of ``String`` header keys and values (SDK accepts empty values but
  not empty keys)

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/kotlin/AppClientTest.snippet.set-custom-http-headers.kt
   :language: kotlin

.. _kotlin-enable-platform-networking:

Enable Platform Networking
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. versionadded:: 1.14.0

> Kotlin SDK v1.14.0 introduces support for **platform networking**, which lets you use 

Reviewer: The present tense feels odd here. Do we need to mention the version in this sentence? Can we rely on the versionadded directive? If so, maybe rewrite to "Platform network lets you use ... ".

Author: Updated

> the networking stack for your platform for Device Sync traffic, instead of 

Reviewer: Suggestion for concision:
```suggestion
your platform's networking stack for Device Sync traffic, instead of 
```

> Atlas Device Sync's default library. 

Reviewer: Perhaps this is my ignorance of the Kotlin SDK, but is "Atlas Device Sync's default library" equivalent to "Atlas Device Sync's default networking stack"? Will readers understand that? And what is the default networking stack?

Author: Yeah, that was taken from the project spec and isn't helpful here. Updated to refer to it as the "default WebSocket client"

When enabled, this feature allows applications running on Android and

> Java Virtual Machine (JVM) platforms to use managed WebSockets via

Reviewer: I'm not sure if "through" is most appropriate here, but we should avoid "via" and other Latin words.
```suggestion
Java Virtual Machine (JVM) platforms to use managed WebSockets through
```
